Blind manuscript submission changes (#1)
fchampalimaud/syringe.pump.manuscript: Manuscript/Chapters/SignificanceStatement.tex

{\large Significance Statement}
\newline

> \textnormal{Liquid rewards are widely used in neuroscience behavior reinforcement. An open-source syringe pump designed for precise liquid delivery, while addressing the limitations of traditional gravity-based liquid delivery systems is presented. The new syringe pump system, built using off-the-shelf and 3D-printed parts, offers liquid delivery with a microliter precision and it can be controlled via software (e.g., Bonsai or Python) or through a low-level I/O interface. The system's accuracy is validated using computer vision and is shown to effectively manipulate rat behavior, with electrophysiological recordings revealing no electrical artifacts.}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\textnormal{Liquid rewards are widely used in neuroscience behavior reinforcement. An open-source syringe pump designed for precise liquid delivery, while addressing the limitations of traditional gravity-based liquid delivery systems is presented. The new syringe pump system, built using off-the-shelf and 3D-printed parts, offers liquid delivery with a microliter precision and it can be controlled via software or through a low-level I/O interface. The system's performance is validated using a computer vision approach, and shown to be a suitable solution for rodent behavior and electrophysiological experiments.}
```
